Hello, what an all welcome once again to meltdown
The Nerdist Theater Harmontown is once again in session good to see you all please welcome to the stage the mayor of Harmontown Mr. Dan Harmon
I don't know that song
Alright first order of business schedule in conflict okay my animation studio Starburn's Industries has a softball league that will be starting in May
And I'm a great lover of organized sports and I'm 40 and I'm in peak condition so you're a born third baseman I can tell by looking at you
I immediately signed up for the softball league and they play they're going to be playing starting in May Monday nights this is a Monday night for those of you in podcast land we record on Monday nights
645 to 730 shows here recorded eight o'clock I just need to so Jeff I'm asking you yeah before I ask them I just burped I hope nobody heard that
they heard you tell about nine o'clock could we do nine o'clock when does the game get up when does the game get up well 730
yeah nine o'clock's fine I don't know to ask these people I'm free well I mean I think they'd say shit you guys started eight and then you don't get out here until 815
and then I don't go get home until midnight and our shows aren't getting any shorter either now I mean I'll be I'll be just starting to rap at midnight
and I won't even get around to the good stuff let's do it by applause would nine o'clock be a bummer for be honest that would be a drag for anybody beside Adam Goldberg
couple people you're applauding for it being a bummer man yeah you say you think that's getting on the late side right you live in you know
Canoga Park or whatever right fuck you guys fuck you Canoga it's Canoga heads I don't know man I mean it's I don't have a life I Monday night means nothing to me
it just means can we do another night let's find out and ask him let's do Saturday night 7pm I'll just ask him real quick who's here
Robin Williams fucking doesn't matter Dana Gold got get out okay so softball okay there's that we'll talk
what position are you going to play then I really don't picture you out there tossing the old softball I kind of want to just commit to the fucking like
nightmare of being in sixth grade again and just go center field straight up just like and just stand there and get lulled into a false sense of security
until that crucial ball comes right at me and just have it be like you can be like lupus in the final scene of bad news bears and catch the ball everybody will hug you
I definitely will always be like lupus and whatever sport I'm playing I will have the lupus effect on any any team that I'm on
and you mean the disease yes I'm referring to the fatal illness so that's it I mean how was your Easter buddy it was great was at your house I was there
we watched Dan I've never seen Game of Thrones at Dan's place Dan gets up and does a little dance and when I say a little dance it's not little it's enormous
and I'm not I'm not joking that was pretty pretty cool he got up and did this thing and he looked like I don't know you look like a little ballerina
but kind of like kind of in a Shaolin soccer kind of like I can't sit upon a game I can't even play a throne
but I can sit upon this game but I can't even play a throne
David Milch
but you didn't do the dance you just stood there he got up and it was really
a podcast Jeff huh I didn't yeah but don't don't don't these short shift these people this is a this is a this is a laugh patch
that's what this is we take the hoe and we just just aggregate just capture their just like their imitation of humanity
just making a jar of preserves out of their little their little fruit heads I was like like who cares I could point a gun at it
make them laugh you wouldn't you'd be able to tell at home this is this is for the people in Poughkeepsie Jeff that's how we make the bucks selling
Snickers to these fuckers on the you know in the Midwest
Time for Hometone
I'm kidding of course there's no money changing hands in any of this
and yet you just taken a giant shit and everybody's head to who who paid ten dollars to get it that's that's the joke
it was inappropriate of me to do it
my applause how many people thought that was a bummer
you really have them terrified no they don't care they're like I just I record them and then they go harm it down
I mean Jeff there's nothing there's nothing there's nothing we owe them they would be happy with anything
here watch this Bobcat gold points here everybody let's bring them out they don't care
who gives a shit
I don't know fuck you yeah get out of here
they don't care nothing would affect them Jeff nothing would affect them
let's do another let's do another one wait for the people ladies and gentlemen Robin Williams
fuck you yeah fuck you guys
you don't deserve it
Toby Bryant Toby Bryant
people listen to this podcast
we're gonna have any idea what's going on
I think they can tell the difference between the real the real reaction
yeah let's do it let's do a fake one Barack Obama's here
all right let's get Bobcat Goldway and Robin Williams back out here
wow
how are you
I think the Lakers gonna play well this year
I'm trying to do Kobe Bryant but I'll be racist how about that
yeah good luck with that motherfucker
I say I'll say the Lakers
I know you guys are just here to get comic books so I don't want to take up too much of your time
damn you're your bastard
is that true you guys just popped in to get some books
yeah just to get some books that's all
he had no idea there was a comedy show going on here
no I just go what's going on in the back
he can stop anytime he wants he's still having fun with his books
that's what I call them my books
and my videos are just that's my porn
but Robin you really are a comic book aficionado right you were here the last time Bob was here
you were just like cruising around in the back there
all right do you have any old issues of transmetropolitan
what do you what do you divulge what comic books you still collect read
I started off collecting Mobius and
for Mobius alone
metalo long black and in col noir
it was great when you're reading him in French and only getting half of it
but I started that was years ago buying heavy metal and then starting off with that
and then working to transmetropolitan big time planetoid
and now multiple warheads have you
I hate comic books
after all that's what I was going
okay this really doesn't work
a little help here
I used to write comic books in the 90s during the big black and white comic book explosion
and we found out you can just barely make enough money to keep printing them
and that's a big time
it was rough it was a labor of love
so when they went color you got out
when they went back to color yeah black and white things are doing so good
all the good black and white ones are now
let's do color and we were like we're still black and white and they're like we smell a rat
so you were asking what you guys did for Easter
Robin what did you do for Easter
I went to Bob's house and Bob was on the lawn and it was kind of fun
what is that
it's like morphing
yeah like morphing
was this just recreational or did you have a thing
without the needles and the spoons
I have a back injury
but I got really
yeah and I had after my open arms surgery
that's what he had
chibi chases back injury
that's why I need propofol to sleep
as the day went on it was clear that I was stoned out of my mind
and I'm just sitting there wearing hats
and they didn't fit which was fucked up too
more than one at a time
no just like suddenly I was in an army hat
and I'm walking around the house with one of my cat's toys
even the cat's looking you're like
he's fucked up
nooo
Detective Karlie Whiskey saying I don't need that from you
Robin Williams this is actually the second time I've been this close to you
the other time I didn't know
I was gonna be doing nothing
hey man
you're in bed at a Ritz Carlton
the first time was when you were this close to all of America
Patch Adams I was touched by that
oh no
so you were affected too
yes I was
I too got a prescription
of laughter
then you got the movie to depress hyperactive children now
I was this close to you because you were dropping Andy Dick
outside my apartment like so much human garbage
in like a minivan
that's what he told me he said hey this is my coke dealer do you want to come in
I was like going no I'm okay I've got six years I'm good
I'm honored that he said I was his dealer
I was just waiting for him
was that what he was going to your house?
yeah he was coming to my place but the reason he was allowed to is because he said you were coming
so I was like well this is a thing
cause if Robin Williams comes inside my room
Andy Dick says come inside a room with him I'm going no no I'm okay
I tried to get him into a meeting
Andy you want to go to a meeting?
no no this is this let's come inside here
no I'm okay I'm fine
who lives up there it's Margaret just come upstairs
no I'm good I'm good
so he said you said where's Robin Williams and he goes there he is
he's speeding up
there he goes
Andy get out of my house
because you're above a certain strata of celebrity
where no matter what would happen and this must be a curse
for people above this strata
to live in a planet full of people to feel this way
like you or not
no matter what happens if you come into my place
there's a story
that's not fair to a human being
he was in the room
if you came in and you were like the air conditioning is too high
could you turn it down
for the rest of my life in that apartment
hey should I turn down the air conditioning
like fucking Robin Williams wanted
when he was here
do you want to remove the coffee tail
you didn't want to sweat like Lindsay Lohan in a witness protection program
everything would be like
do you need an astray? Robin Williams attached it
like whatever ranging from it
it wouldn't matter it would be weird
that you're above that level
does that affect you?
I'm not above that level
not to you
that was like what someone once said
this is I was once working with a director
whose name she'll never use because he's so high
he once said
wouldn't Robin's nose be in his point of view?
Terrence Malick
at that point
even the guys went oh no nice
and he used to brag about having all this head trauma
that he'd had seven major head traumas
before the age of sixteen
but back to the
did he want you to supply the nose
for the POV shot
were you supposed to sit there?
was he talking to the prop master?
it'd be like having your own balls in a porn shop
it was just
he was so fucking out there
I mean I don't want to
it would be good if I just have a POV shot with his nose out in front of me
or are we talking about Patch Adam
because you had a clown nose on
that would be easy
that would be just a hint of red in the bottom of the frame
there's this really weird
Kubrickian segment of Patch Adam
where it just goes
wake up Timmy wake up
there's a child's face
with a little bit of red in it
that's where the criterion cut
there's like this nightmare sequence that's like
wake up Timmy
you have the greatest line about the world when you had that time
when you went on the show
when the Shakespeare clown came out
a clown did
thank you
and a clown debated me on the today's show
and
I didn't know this was going to happen
just the idea of clown debate would be a great category
was it about catch reform or what?
it was, oddly enough they didn't bring up shakes once
no
it was a clown
and they stopped me in the hallway and the producer goes
a clown is going to debate you on the program
and that was the first I heard of it
and I go yeah I know
I'm familiar with your show
I got my apologies to Katie
so then the clown is in a bad mood
and he wouldn't tell me his real name
we're going on the show today
what's your name
bamboozle
I go what's your real name
just call me my clown name
I go I'm going to rip you a new one
when we get out there but it's not personal
it's just good TV
so we get out there
you also had a comic name?
I asked him to call me shitstain
I said that was
cause he said I'm in my clown attire
only called me by my clown name
and I go oh I'm in my comedian attire
call me shitstain that's what be
so we get out there
and the clown now
it was funny because that was when I was doing my character
you know
but he switches into a character too
he's like clown threw a lot of good for a lot of good content
if Bobcat's film portrays him as a negative
like good
and I go nobody thinks you're funny
the only reason you perform in hospitals
cause that's one place a kid can't get up
and run away from you
and
but you have taken clowns
to the old man you played
recently you did
which clown?
oh yeah I did the gathering of the jugglers
what do you mean you did the gathering
I performed there
I did stand up
he did stand up which is pretty much
opening for them
they have a three day festival
it's actually a week long
the fact that there's a comedy tent at the gathering
that's like
and there's also a vegetarian booth
well I will say this
when I was there like
just put the soybeans up my ass just do it
and then at nine o'clock two melon
I was going there and I was like
I thought
what I'm gonna do is I'm gonna
explain how magnets work
and that's how magnets work
you would have gotten a government grant
for that
but
as I got to the venue
there was no police
and a lot of bath salts
and
it was weird I figured this out
they're really just a group of people
that just don't want to be messed with
you know what I mean
they're probably pretty defensive
I imagine like
bikers going
I grew up around bikers
it's really like
it's like bikers without bikes
yeah exactly
if I had
$2,000 that would be a biker
but bikers without bikes
is a good charity
please help
this is Carl he's only got one wheel
he's got a pair of handlebars and a wheel
please help
he's called this number
flashing at the bottom of the screen
here's a care bear tattoo please help
my name is lowlife
and I don't have a bike
so
that was a real guy that used to hang out at the house lowlife
shout out
so
careful
you'll make his name irrelevant
but what happens
it really is like a group
of incest survivors
getting together
and going nobody's going to touch me
in the stinker anymore if I don't want it
I'm going to get really big
and wear clown makeup
our lines are open
please call the number
flashing at the bottom of your screen
I have to say
Kobe you've been awfully quiet during all this
I don't know what Bob's going with his rift but he's a motherfucker
oh
I love him saying clown posse
Kobe
sounds like Don Rickles impression of him
oh lord
help me move this mother rock
now say it
game of 10 now
now come on
you know these clowns
got crazy names
isn't that true slapping
so
yeah
it's a long story but up chuck the clown
who opened up for me
a decent fella
and was trying to explain to me that
it's not that bad
you know how they throw fago cola
he's giving you the juggaloo venue
pep talk
it's not that bad
there's an SNL scout out there
you know
he gave you the whole Chinese character for crisis
it's the same as opportunity speech
yeah well look
if you're having fun they're having fun
as long as the audience
he's driving around
and there's fires going on
this is a show where teal tequila got
they ran out of fago cola to hit her with
so they threw poo at her
they knocked over an outhouse
not teela
teela didn't knock over the outhouse
who am I rooting for
who am I rooting for in that story
it's like these stories about leno
going toe to toe with bob greenblatt
who's side am I on
the other day they knocked it over
like you knock over a bank or
put the shit in the bag
put the shit in the bag it's my friend
who's only got one wheel
put the shit in the bag
hey man
there's a lot of shit in there man
she's a chug showed up
I said buy some shit not real shit
don't fuck
teal tequila did not knock over the outhouse
she's really tiny
a little help here
so after they ran out of
poo to throw at her
where do you go? organs? human organs?
I don't know
so I'm trying to
this is a decent group of people
I'm here every year
and then this clown this huge guy
just burst out through the crowd
there's some tears and fights going on
but this guy is all sweaty and crazy looking
and he goes fuck you up Chuck
fuck you
and he just pounds the shit out of it
no he's on the golf cart so he hits gas
and we scoot out
oh he's driving he's chasing us
he's giving you a ride on a golf cart
it's a drive by ass kicking
this will be the youtube footage
you want to find
so we gun the car
and then he goes
they know me
it's like family
he's trying to laugh that off
and then a can of fago hits the golf cart
and it's all over us
fago
apparently if it's diet it doesn't stick
or stain because that's an object
it's diet don't worry like he's a connoisseur
he's really splitting hairs
he's supposed to suicide
and he's like
he's gonna hit with enough fago
I'm not sponsored by fago in any way
no I'm mentioning it a lot
or up Chuck the clown
whose autobiography hits shelves never
he's hanging from the rafters upstairs
it's titled it doesn't stain
up Chuck's got a podcast it doesn't stain
up Chuck's untold story
so
and it's also books on tape told very slowly
only love stains
no
when he was
saw just memories
so he
at that moment
he hits the gas
again
after the fago cola and we're driving
and as he's trying to tell me that this show
is the biggest
it's not any more rowdy than a Dave Matthews
concert
at that point
a can of unopened fago
comes whizzing in
and cracks him in the head like a baseball pitch
and he just slumps over
and he goes I'm hurt
I'm hurt really bad
Bob take the wheel
he called me Bob
and he hits the gas
help me buddy
be my wingman help take the wheel Bobby
I got a book coming out
take the wheel
and I'm steering whizzing
through the clowns like Mr. Toad's
wild rides
and people are diving out of the way
they should fucking have that at the gathering
time to go through the gathering of the clowns
makes pirates of the Caribbean
look like shit
it was so
oh and then
his head swelled up and he
not figuratively
no it looked like
the side of his head looked like a stink bug
and he's asking me
if I can tell
he's bleeding and I'm like I don't know
what's blood and what's you
because he had all the clown makeup
and he's all the same
where does a chunk begin
if only he knew
yeah and then
do you want to know what he put on his head
for the swelling
ice cold faggot
brought to you by
Ironic
how fucking ironic he really did
that is the definition of irony
I've got a good photo of him holding this
ice cold faggot to his head and his eyeballs
are like little tiny pinpoints
I have a question
what's a juggalo and what the hell was this event
I have no idea what you're talking about
it's the gathering of the juggalos and St. Claude Posse's fans
ah okay I didn't know
and they have this convention
or you know a ton of acts go on
and there's like I said a lot of fights
there's only been I think four deaths
in ten years
only four
and Bob was on
I'll hear from them but I don't
I have to say they were very receptive
crowd I went on at 1 a.m.
oh really and they and much of the
following week I played Arkansas and had
a way worse time
which is really after all that
you can't drive a golf cart through them
without getting hit with it
with a can of faggot
am I pronouncing that right? oh no
no that sounds like
don't do that especially at the incline
zinc composite
I hear me faggot
I can't pronounce baggle either
oh okay
what you have is faggot faggot
it's a redneck
homosexual repellent
like off
no fags on me
I use faggot
but then you
we can say that because I'm
pro gay marriage
big time
I'm 1 8th Cherokee so
the
then you went out though and the gig went
fun what was Tina's act
and what was her crime up there
she did not show her breasts
and she was a woman
that didn't show her
rookie mistakes
but I gotta say
like I said I did worse gigs last
summer
I can't believe Jagaloo's their sexist
well that's a weird thing
if they're mesmerized by magnets
why can't they respect women
but here's the thing
family and being all inclusive
is really important to them
but then they write songs about
chopping women up in the vagina with an axe
which would be the end of men
duh
women have
that's what I don't understand about misogyny
women have little
they can make little men out of them themselves
that's where
misogyny comes from
our lines are still open ladies and gentlemen
remember
women can make little men
and little women how to make other little women
make other little men
it's like a Russian nesting doll really
you open a woman
there's another woman and there's another woman
and there's another woman and there's another woman
and eventually one sperm falls out
hence memories
let's look at the board
how do we do it Robin
let's look at the board how much more did we erase
so far for Harmontown
we've got a handle bar
and a gas tank
one sperm cell
one tiny sperm
that's the misogyny issue of mobius
that would be the loneliest mother fucker in the world
just swimming up a uterus going
this is
this is fucked there used to be more
where are we going
where is that sperm
you know who would play that sperm is Tom Cruise
he's always in these movies where he's the last man on earth
and he's the sperm that's going to get done
Tom Cruise is
Milton Seaman in
Up My Lazy River
Little Men Make Little Women
Little Women Make Little Men
fuck that little women
in a world made of a giant woman
a planet man
We're going in.
Where is everyone?
The fools!
They did it!
Just one shot of like a Morgan Freeman in shadow, I was going, you're only by the cervix,
boy.
As a uterus up ahead, I hope you know where you're going.
There's 800 penguins waiting by that over.
I'm honored that I share this with Robin Williams.
Both of our Morgan Freemans impressions sound like Foghorn Leghorn.
Another thing to please tell Father's number now, by the end of the show, we'll do a decent
Morgan Freeman.
I'll say son, your body sharp as a bowling ball.
I say he got a slag rule to find that ovary.
A slag rule.
You're not a real thing.
That's your reference to the little chicken hawk.
Chicken hawk.
This is a much larger uterus than I imagined.
Imagine!
The Carlsberg vagina!
Vagina!
Welcome!
No, don't do it!
That's a calcium deposit!
Hello, Joe.
I thought I was the only sperm left.
This cartoon was passed on by every network.
That's the one with the one sperm that's like, that's a turd!
We're in the wrong place!
Go back!
That's the big reveal.
That's the last time you get to drive.
And Troopy Dog has the testicle.
Oh, fuck!
Woo!
Before these guys figure out they can leave the station.
We're going to wrap this up.
I think I've insulted every group that is organized.
Well, I was going to sabotage you guys and bring up our Dungeon Master and suck you into
a game of Dungeons & Dragons.
Oh, no, no, no.
No.
Are we?
No, no, no.
No.
Listen to them!
Oh, no.
Listen to the people for once, Robin Williams!
Don't stop me on this again!
I can't go back!
For once in your entire career, Robin Williams, pander to these people!
Give them what they want!
I don't want!
I don't have a 20-sided dice to fuck her!
Oh, they have them.
This whole crowd is sitting on them.
Spencer and Spencer Crittenden come to the stage.
Oh, fuck.
Oh, Dungeon Master!
Oh, yay.
Oh, okay.
All right, we better go now.
We can get out of here.
Do you want to leave?
You can leave.
I think...
I got it.
Yeah, we're going to leave.
I think the last time I did this, I think I broke it for everybody.
No, no, no, no.
If you leave it up to me, you're going to be up here forever, so you get to gracefully leave.
Thank you so much, Alondra Robins!
Thank you so much.
Robin Williams and Bob Goldsway!
Here's why I would have kept them up forever, because not just to milk it, because God knows
I would have killed it to keep them up here forever, but now I got to follow.
I don't know if you know...
There's a little crest of energy that usually attends a Robin Williams appearance,
whether you're watching Comic Relief 7 or...
Afterglow.
We afterglow right now.
We coast on that energy.
We ride that shockwave.
Let's smoke a cigarette and go like, what the fuck was that?
That was a huge interstellar explosion.
We're going to ride that shockwave along the cosmos for quite a long time right now.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
Remember all those sperm jokes?
Yeah, we did.
Remember that little sperm movie?
Whoa, like jelly.
Eric Idle and Robin Williams now have done...
Oh, Eric says hi, by the way.
I was on the phone with the fuck that guy.
He calls the song that we sang, his song, by the way.
He's trying to steal that song.
Our fuck your mama song.
Yeah, because we wrote that song and then we brought it over to his house,
that song that Eric Idle sang.
And he picked up a guitar and instantly played it first time,
almost exactly as you guys heard it, if you've heard that episode of it,
or you were here that night.
And I was talking on the phone just now, and he's like,
he played my song recently, and I was like,
I was like, no, no, we only did that one time.
He's like, you notice I call it my song.
I sneaked that in there, you didn't even notice.
And I was like, look, man, you can have it.
We're not making any money out of this.
And he's like, you know, people think that that.
Yeah.
And he was proud.
I said, people think you wrote that.
He goes, of course they did.
Yeah.
He liked the quality.
Because it was good.
Because an Emmy-winning lyricist co-pended.
Yeah.
All right.
Anyways.
Kobe Bryant is here, ladies and gentlemen.
April Fools.
Spencer, how are you?
You were at Easter with Thesedans as well.
Yeah, yeah.
Yeah, I came late because I had a breakdown at Vons.
Yeah.
Oh, yeah, you mentioned that.
I knew I was going to bring it down after that.
I'm sorry, guys.
It's cool.
Anyway, yeah.
You had an emotional breakdown?
Yeah.
I didn't know what food to bring.
All right.
Well, go into detail here.
You walk in the front door.
Because first of all, you had to know.
Well, before that, I was just wrestling with it.
Because I make a good cheese dip.
I make a good cheese dip.
You keep talking about this cheese dip that we've never seen.
Yeah, yeah, yeah.
You're not.
It's not vegetarian, Jeff.
I am.
So fuck off.
Well, you give us the recipe?
Because, I mean, one-third of a good Harmontown show is a Robin Williams appearance.
And another third of a classic Harmontown is a good recipe.
Do you honestly want the recipe?
Yes, yes.
What is it?
Okay.
Well, first, you take approximately.
He's talking.
What was this?
He was talking.
Oh, he makes good tiny sandwiches.
Oh, yeah, I made some cucumber sandwiches for a tea party.
It was pretty, pretty.
You have little tea parties?
No, I don't.
That was a one-time thing.
And it wasn't.
Symphony wasn't.
Reaching for the tea.
You realize it's 11.
Yeah, that's not the first thought that interests people's heads when they look at you.
Like, I bet he makes a good tiny sandwich.
Yeah, yeah.
Cucumber sandwiches, I don't, I mean, she thought they're, I don't think they're that good.
They don't taste like much.
So you're, so you're thinking in your head, I'm going to go over to Harmon's for Easter.
If I'm going to go to Harmon's for Easter, I will have brought something.
I will have brought value.
Because of something that you imposed on yourself, not because you thought that anyone...
Because my presence is an imposition.
Ah.
So I come bearing gifts, you know, to cover it up.
Interesting.
So, yeah.
But yeah, so, I mean, that was, I was thinking the cheese dip, and I was on my couch for a while.
And then I got, I was like, I'll figure it out when I get the vans.
Stared at the bacon, stared at the cream cheese, stared at the cakes, you know.
When you're staring at bacon, what are you thinking?
I'm thinking the bacon cheese dip is going to cost about $13.40 or so.
Ah.
So you're juggling finances.
No, it's just, that's just what I was thinking about.
And I mean, I think it was just me being anxious using any excuse, and price was the excuse.
Right.
But I mean, I don't know.
Was it, was it performance anxiety that you would wonder if people would like the dip?
It was going to be bomb.
Don't, don't worry.
You know what I think is really ironic about this, is that Dino, who cooked for, uh, Easter,
who loves to cook, and who's a great comedy writer, the reason he loves to cook, we were talking about it,
is that, uh, when you cook, it excuses you from all of these things that normally hang up a writer,
because you get some broccoli.
The broccoli is either going to be used or not used, and in either case it's going to rot.
And the best case scenario is it goes in someone's stomach and comes out a turd and goes down a toilet.
Like, there is no good reason to get hung up on, on, on, on making a meal.
Like, like, he uses it to release himself from the things that normally hang us up.
And here you are, a creator of worlds, of realms, a master of realms.
Entire dungeons, and biographies, and lifetimes, holding fate in your very hands,
and, and you're staring at the bacon.
And you can't, yeah, it hung you up.
And the cakes.
Yeah.
It hung you up the way that I'm hung up on my Fox script.
And you're sitting there going, this has to be the new community.
I feel like this audience deserves, like, while they're waiting in line,
the little cheese dip while they're waiting out there.
I can bring something, I mean, I've thought, I've honestly thought about it.
I'd rather get out the recipe.
We should, we should rent a station wagon, and like, and, and, and, and have it,
like, you know, pull it up to the curb when they're waiting outside the comic book store,
and then we'll put out like a little sterno cans and like, give them like hot snacks.
I think it's illegal.
Well, they have like taco trucks.
Yeah, well those guys have licenses and stuff.
No, they shouldn't.
They shouldn't.
They just get shut down.
Like, there was an awesome taco truck.
We used to go to that.
The taco truck owner in the back just loses shit.
They just get shut down though.
Like, they do.
It sucks.
Yeah, yeah.
Speaking of things that we should do, I flirted with this thing a couple weeks ago,
where we said like, oh, you know, because we keep talking about movies,
and we watch shitty movies, and then we talk about the movies, and then I threw out the idea of,
oh, like Oprah's book club, let's assign a movie, and then we can talk about it next week.
Ah.
And I've gotten a couple tweets.
More importantly, I do think it's kind of a good idea, because it takes no effort at all.
Like, if we could just make up our mind to, as a group, it's not compulsive, compulsory,
but we could just assign a movie.
Let's just make up our mind to watch one thing before next recording.
What are you thinking?
I don't know.
Nine to five.
I take back nine to five.
Any suggestions out there?
Wicker Man.
RoboCop 2 Classic, Wicker Man, almost two...
I haven't seen it.
Well, I mean, it's so, it's such a fucking like, it's like...
Let's all watch the six hour version of Fanny and Alexander.
Maybe something will come up organically.
Remind me at the end of the show, when I'm standing here like a dumbass going,
how do we end the show if we haven't come up with something organically?
Remind me that we haven't yet thought of something,
and then I'll at least have something to do before we leave,
instead of rapping about fucking your mom.
Let's get McGathey up here.
McGathey!
I love in a dark, dark, cynical way,
I love that Kumeil, who's been here for like five weeks in a row,
he's got an early call tomorrow and he always emails me and goes like,
I'm not going to be able to make it.
What did I miss?
This is kind of fine.
I think he would have enjoyed probably.
I wonder if people that are listening to this know that this is the April Fool's Day episode,
they're going to think that these are really good impressions of those two guys.
And it was all Kobe Bryant doing all the voices.
It was Andy Dick.
Hello, Erin, how are you?
I'm doing good.
Are they really gone?
Yeah.
Okay.
Yeah, I'm glad that they had the balls to go.
Let's get out of here.
I suppose.
We would have, yeah.
Let's play hard to get.
Well, I'm not going to play hard to get.
Robin had a good time, maybe he'll come back again.
If we milk him dry, he'll be exhausted.
I love that guy.
I just couldn't get past the idea of him playing Dungeons & Dragons.
It was a little intriguing.
I really wanted to ask him to play Lorraine and just let me stand behind him
and just like, smell him.
All right.
I just met him a couple of nights ago for the first time.
That's why he's coming up and messing up my hair.
We're like, he was being palsy-walsy.
That's so horrible.
I was doing an improv show at UCB and I ran backstage really quick
because I was doing some sort of dumb bit and he was standing there
and I was like, ah!
And he's like, ah, is it okay if I go on stage?
I was like, ah!
And he came out on stage and then afterwards, it was right after his divorce
and him and I talked about his divorce for a couple of hours.
I wonder why.
What?
Nothing. I'm just being jealous.
Don't worry.
His dick tastes like garbage.
No, it didn't.
No, I don't know.
It's just honey-soaked garbage.
Always went in so many directions.
So much energy.
Part of his dick to the great Mr. Chee impression.
His balls had some insights about gay guys.
It was great.
And he kept on, in our conversation about his ex-wife,
he kept on referencing Hook, which was thrilling.
I love Hook, but kept on saying like, well, Dustin and Hook,
but over and over again, well, when I was doing Hook,
I was like, this is the best, no one's around.
I totally love it.
All right, one more bit of business before we start to end this.
Is he really not here?
All right, I'm just making sure.
Yeah, I don't know what that O was for.
I hope it was either going, oh, don't be a star fucker.
Stop that star-fucking.
Someone here, you talk about divorce with a guy.
I know.
I really love Robin Williams a whole lot.
I feel like he's my father.
He's probably still out in the store.
Go look.
No, I think maybe he's...
Robin!
Yeah, get out of here.
Go marry him.
Jesus.
Go read Mobius together.
I'm sure when Billy Crystal comes by next week,
it won't change, right?
No, no, no, no.
It will change, it will change.
Is he still booked?
He's coming?
Yeah, yeah.
Okay, great.
One more bit of business that's not going to impress anyone,
but it's just too weird to pass up.
I feel like God speaks through kind of weird coincidences,
and that's why I have to address it.
Last week in my insane, crazy two five-hour energy wrap
at the end of the show,
I had to rhyme something like do it or through it
or go to it or something,
and I rhymed it with the name Ray Pruitt,
and immediately said,
he's a friend of ours.
He is a friend of ours.
That's right.
He's from Austin, Texas,
and he's here tonight by coincidence.
Ray Pruitt, we stand up.
Ray Pruitt, come up here.
Get on stage, Ray.
Just...
Just tell people your name's Ray Pruitt first of all.
I got ID.
Yeah, well, they won't be able to see that.
Yeah, he was behind the eight ball on a Ryan,
where I rhymed through it,
and he said like I was Ray Pruitt.
He goes, he's a real person.
He's a friend of mine.
Yeah.
I knew it.
Like I said, the audience doesn't care.
So Ray Pruitt, you're in town.
You're building something for Coachella,
and Ray is a big aficionado of the weird,
I would say, right?
Let's go with that.
Ray was in the news once.
Tell them about the parade that you invaded.
Oh, that poor town of Leaky, Texas.
Leaky, Texas.
We did Harlem Globe Trotters versus the fake
Miss America pageant,
and this town is maybe 500 people.
It made their newspaper twice.
But it was a bunch of guys in drag.
It was a bunch of city fruity fruits coming in.
Yeah, but it was 30 people,
but only two of us were gay.
Oh, really?
That's all the photo.
It looks like a gay pride parade broke out in it.
The children flashing people,
it made papers in Dallas.
I promise I did not take off a single bit of anything.
Pruitt, Pruitt, stay here,
because Camille's not here,
and we got a character.
Can you play Dungeons & Dragons with us?
Yeah.
All right.
You don't have to know anything about it.
Have you ever played before?
When I was nine.
All right.
Yeah, cool.
This is Spencer.
Spencer Ray.
Spencer is our Dungeon Master.
I looked at you in the dream room,
and I didn't say anything because I'm awkward.
Ditto.
Yeah, sorry.
All right.
Should we let this rip?
Let's do it.
All right.
Let's get those character sheets out,
and Spencer, if you would,
would you catch us up to speed?
Last time our heroes,
after having slain a dragon,
picked over the treasure and remains
in the room that they were last in.
Sensing a break in the action,
Sharpie and Christopher are set to work
studying the bloody tome once more,
trying to uncover its secrets.
Mulraine, in a bid to claim the dragon's
mystical and magical horns,
tied various swords to her limbs.
Quickly disrobing and playing a tune
on his loot of charming,
the barbarian transfixed the party for a time,
which led to a short spat.
The tension was only broken
by Mulraine's successful horn harvest.
The Ranger presented her prize
to the wise wizard,
but Sharpie rebuffed her with a reference
to bags before climbing a pile of treasure
to have a semi-public breakdown.
The realization had set in.
They were far, far from home,
and had no way to return to the material plane.
Very little happened last episode.
It actually turned into kind of
an unwitting tribute to reality television.
Our guest was Genevieve Pearson
from a reality show,
and what we failed to point out,
which would have turned the whole thing in our favor,
was that the Dungeons & Dragons session
was very much like a shitty B.H.1 show.
So, do we need to take inventory
of all of our treasure and move on, right?
Yeah, yeah, yeah. Let me get these...
I should have done that.
Oh, Blueprotter's sensor, that's cool.
Ray, to catch you up, you're playing Kumail Nanjiani's part.
His character is a thief, right?
Yeah, a rogue.
A rogue named...
Chris de Burghh.
Chris de Burghh, the guy who wrote The Lady in Red.
You're familiar with him?
Perfect.
Yeah, okay.
He's a one-hit wonder, kind of down on his luck at that.
He's obsessed with dicks.
Here's some things to talk about while Spencer gets situated.
Aaron and I went to SeaWorld in San Diego.
More like SeaWorld.
We would...
We'd see children cry.
We were there to pick up our puppy,
or not pick up, pick out our puppy.
Not at SeaWorld, no.
We were 20 miles outside San Diego.
Alpine.
People would go to that lady's place.
We went to this lady's place,
and she's got the laundry basket full of puppies.
Then we met the parents of the puppies,
and we picked out the puppy, our golden doodle.
Yeah, we picked him out.
I saw the photo, pretty adorable.
We still haven't chosen a name for him yet.
Yeah.
We were talking about naming him.
He reminded us of an older Jewish comedian.
He kind of has a weird, kind of like a Sid look to him,
or a George.
Yeah, so it's plenty, or Saul.
Yeah.
I like Harvey.
Harvey's good.
Harvey, yeah.
Harvey, I like, because unlike the other ones,
it won't be like a hipster, like Silver Lake.
Oh, you named your dog, like an old man's name.
Harvey's like...
Oh, Harvey, Harvey, Harvey.
Can we talk about Leonard?
Leonard, oh, Leonard, I didn't...
Lenny, I liked, but then I thought Leonard...
Dan didn't want to name the dog Leonard,
because of the character and community.
He thought it would be too...
He thought people would think that he was...
Because every wall of my house, when you come into my home,
has community art all over it.
And I'm fine with that.
But the dog is then named like,
Hey, Starburns, come here, Starburns.
I feel like people might leave sad.
Yeah.
I just...
It has nothing to do with me wanting to create it.
I just don't want people to be sad when they come to my house.
We also got really excited at the idea
of calling the dog Steve A.G.
Because you kind of...
He kind of looks like Steve A.G.
I don't think Steve...
No, Steve A.G. has a real thought.
He doesn't...
He does not like when people compare him to other people.
Yeah, I mean, I see somebody out in public,
and he looks like Steve A.G.,
and then on Instagram, I'm like,
Hey, it looks like Steve A.G.
Did you see my Mexican Doug Benson at the Sushi Place?
Yes, yes, yes.
Yeah, there's a guy I'm telling you.
Mexican Doug Benson.
I like to think Doug Benson would be on board that one.
Yeah.
But maybe the dog's name is Harvey.
Mexican people maybe not so much.
Right.
Why not?
Maybe all are so much easier to watch from down there.
Yeah.
It's a tough company up here, man.
All right, let's do this thing.
So let's inventory what we got here.
So the last thing you got was the soul of growth.
Right.
So that was the important thing.
I mean, but you got other stuff too.
What is the soul of growth exactly?
You don't know what it is exactly.
However, you know, you do...
Mulrainee, do you have Knowledge Nature?
Yeah, so much.
So the thing is, some of you guys have skills called knowledge,
which lets you think about the world that your character inhabits
and glean some useful information.
So Sharpie has some knowledge skills,
and I think you have knowledge and nature.
So what's your skill rank and knowledge and nature?
Seven.
Awesome.
So you're going to get a plus seven.
Thanks.
All right.
So you discover, I mean, you don't discover,
you rack your mind, and you know that the soul of growth
is a great artifact of power,
and it's supposed to embody, like, the vital force that makes plants grow.
It's like the reason why plants grow.
It has strong associations with druids, and druids love it,
and you know, natural creatures and various things like that, you know, elves.
So we now control...
We now have the thing that controls whether or not plants grow?
According to the legends and superstitions, of course.
But yeah, yeah, definitely.
Little do we know, in a few thousand years this will be available
at every home improvement store.
It's magic, baby.
You talking about Chiapet?
What are you talking about?
Just fertilizer.
Oh, okay.
All right, so let's get the hell out of here.
Well, that's the thing.
Huh?
That's the thing.
Okay, I look around for a way to get out.
The door that you came in, the massive metal door, has closed itself,
and you're entrapped within it.
Whose turn is that?
Your turn.
Can I summon my beloved horse Coco?
Could she maybe nestle the door open?
You can definitely summon her, whether or not she shows up.
You don't have to be a jerk about it.
Yeah, that's brilliant, because when the horse walks in,
we'll go, let's go out that way.
If a horse could find a way.
I'm thinking that the horse could...
It's like a sim.
If it's out there, it'll try to...
Well, she'll use her hooves, and she'll go,
there's a specific word for this that I'm not remembering.
Adam.
I love you.
Adam Goldberg called me at 8am the other morning.
How come Adam...
Since you stopped...
Sorry.
No, it's his fault.
How come every week Adam Goldberg comes to the show,
and it seems like after every show,
he tells us that he's not going to be around anymore?
Yeah, so Adam told me last week that he was now a Night Watchman,
and so he wasn't... Okay, but then you said that you weren't...
you weren't able to come to shows anymore
because you were a Night Watchman.
They gave me different days off than I wanted, so...
Okay.
Previous to that...
He doesn't murder me.
It's all fine.
Nope, dad.
Well, it's okay.
It's nice to see you.
I know, I know you're not going to murder me.
Previous to that, it was that you were going to go work
on the Shark Movie, right?
I got fired from that, but I didn't get fired from this yet.
But basically, if you look at behavior instead of language,
which I prefer to do, you're here every week,
and you say every week,
I'm not going to be here anymore.
It's a durable urgency.
You're not an optimist, you're a pessimist,
because you call and you say,
look, I'm not going to be able to hang out,
so we better get it in,
because I'm not going to be here.
Better get it in.
Yeah, better get it in.
Better get his dick in.
I better get it in.
Anyway.
All right, so you summon your horse.
Nothing happens.
The horse doesn't even come?
Well, you're like several layers underground in a dungeon,
in the way you can.
You're like several layers.
That's true.
I'm a dungeon master.
And there's no...
Dungeon Snap.
So there's no other visible...
I look around the walls to try to detect any sort of other egress.
The ceilings go up really high,
past the lighting of the chamber.
You can't see how far they go up,
but they definitely go up.
What about that crack where the dragon came through?
I mean, you could go in there.
All right.
I poked my head down in the crack.
You see...
It's sliding.
You're not deaf.
It's fine, yeah.
Sliding your head into the crack.
You see the faint demarcations of what appears to be a smallish dragon.
A smallish dragon's down there?
It appears to be.
Maybe I can make it believe it's my child,
and I'll be like Khaleesi, and I'll have dragons.
These are the demarcations of...
Misspoke.
Oh.
You see the faint outline of a dimly,
unlit, dragon-esque shape.
This is through a crack on the floor?
There's a crack where the big dragon came out.
So there's a dragon baby in there?
I don't know.
How so coy?
How big is it?
I mean, from what you can see, it looks maybe about three feet tall.
All right.
How far a drop is it down to the cave?
It's not a drop.
It's about 12 feet in.
Oh, okay.
So I can just walk into the crack?
Yeah.
Okay.
Is there anything else in the cave?
Yeah, totally.
Let's check it out.
All right.
Well, you check it out.
You see a couple, you know, staff-like implements.
They look like maybe rods or sticks.
Several of them.
Like five.
Yeah, five.
Just sticking out of the ground?
Yeah.
You can't see too well unless you have low light vision.
I think I do, don't I?
Oh, you can see them just fine.
Yeah, I didn't know them.
My mistake.
Yeah, yeah, I've got low light vision.
Typically, I play with a lot of humans.
Yeah, anyway.
The thing that I was coyly phrasing as a dragon
is instead a dragon-shaped statue made out of jade.
It's massive, and you can tell it's worth a shit ton of money.
Ooh.
I detect traps.
I think I also do that.
You all got Christian Brooks coming in.
Chris, get in here.
Check this out.
I detect traps at a plus two.
Detecting traps as a team.
You scarcely, you don't scarcely,
you just determine that there don't seem to be any traps.
All right.
I'm going to take the statue and try to lift it off.
It's on the pedestals, sir?
It's not.
It's just kind of like, it's kind of like it's knocked over.
Really?
Is it light enough for me to carry?
It's very heavy.
I mean, you could drag it.
Yeah, yeah, you could drag it, but you can't really lift it.
Is it worth dragging a giant statue around?
I mean, you have a bag of holding, which can like,
when you put it in the bag of holding, it stops being heavy.
Oh, okay.
I toss the statue in my bag of holding.
Yeah, okay, cool.
Then there was the sticks, right?
The sticks.
Right, yeah.
So you see, two of them are actually javelins,
and two of them appear to be bows,
and one of them appears to be like a quarter staff.
Oh, these are weapons that we can take.
Yeah.
I mentioned Malrin's going to want that bow.
Can we all fit through this crack?
Yeah, yeah.
Come on in.
All right.
The cave is great.
You guys get in here.
Hey, what's going on?
I just stole the statue.
You guys can't see as well.
Aaron can see good.
Jeff can see good.
All right, well, I'm sure I got to cast a light.
Okay.
I cast it on the end of my thumb.
And I hold my thumb up around like a zippo.
That's Dungeons and Dragons funny.
It's just natural.
Actually, let me do it at the end of one of these staffs
that we're stealing.
Okay.
Yeah, that's easier.
The staff you grab that begins glowing
appears to be in the shape of a serpent.
It feels like snake skin under your grasp, but firm.
Sneaky staff, guys.
That's a magic staff probably, right?
Yeah, yeah.
Most of them are.
You barely ever find a staff in this game
that was just like,
an old man needed help walking.
I check out the javelin.
There's two javelins.
They're inscribed with lightning bolts,
and they're covered in silver.
All right.
I take one of them,
and Chris, do you want the other javelin?
Yes.
I would like a javelin, please.
I would like a silver lightning bolt javelin.
Then there was the two bows.
One of them is a long bow,
and one of them is a short bow.
I would like a bow.
You're proficient with the long bow as it happens.
Well, I'm a little gal.
I'll take the short bow.
How about that?
Whatever.
What's your dexterity?
I don't know.
Where does it say dexterity?
It's up at the top left.
It's under 14 plus 2 ability modifier.
So you're going to be able to shoot it,
but not amazingly, but yeah.
All right.
I take it anyway.
So I take the long bow.
There you go.
All right.
You also see two smallish chests,
one of which is very ornate,
and it appears to be leafed in gold.
The other is a simple wooden box.
I'll detect trap on that.
Very good, buddy.
With your accent, it sounds so much like
just like a TBS game show.
I'll detect trap on that.
Howie Mandel goes,
all right, let's detect trap on it.
It's a boat.
You detect no traps.
There should be more traps.
Well, let's open that second one.
All right.
Which one?
The wooden one.
Opening the wooden chest,
you see a pair of dark gobbles.
Steampunk.
I'll put them on.
As you put them on,
you recognize that you can see perfectly in the dark.
Oh.
Where's my pen?
I'm going to write that shit down.
I now see in the dark.
He'll add it to you.
He'll do it later.
He's a dungeon master.
That's good for a rogue, though.
You're a thief.
That's good for you.
With your new dark vision,
with which you can see in the night,
you see at the end of the crack,
there seems to be a slight tear
that's even darker than black
in the back of the cave.
Is there a figurative tear,
like the tear between justice and vengeance?
More literal.
Like the tear between a wall and another wall.
Yeah, okay.
Chris, can you see with those goggles?
Can you see through that darker than black crack?
You can't.
It's the darkest of darks.
Can I borrow your thumb there, E.T.?
Oh, yeah.
Yeah, my serpent staff.
I mean, I hold the tear.
Careful, shield your goggle eyes.
I don't want to, you know, zero dark 30.
Yeah, that's Osama.
That's a good point.
Does that shed the light?
Osama bin Laden.
Sorry, sorry.
Anyway.
That's my favorite part of the trailer of that movie,
which is the only part of the movie I saw.
There's the part of the movie,
I was assuming it's impossible to do spoilers for zero dark 30s.
I mean, kind of, we know how it ends,
but there's a point where they're like,
Osama.
Kind of lure them out.
I like to think that's Chris Pratt, right?
Guy from Parks and Rec.
Okay, all right.
Continue.
Yeah, okay.
So as the staff nears the tear,
you notice that no light coming into it is exiting.
It seems very mysterious.
Wait, I'm sorry.
I was thinking about vodka and what I just said.
And so is your character.
You weren't paying attention.
Okay.
Fill them in.
Tell them what happened.
The light doesn't shine far into this new part of the crack.
Is it big enough for people to go through?
So are we trying to get out?
You can't see it, I guess.
We're trying to get out through this crack,
as opposed to the door.
The door we can't get out.
Right.
We didn't try.
Truth.
But it sounded pretty ominous that the door was shut behind us
and for good.
I mean, maybe.
We wouldn't have found the statue in the trunk.
I mean, we would have sat there.
I mean, these people, you could hear them wanting to kill themselves.
Like, you just feel it in the air.
Robin Williams came out.
He did sperm jokes.
It's just, I'm not saying, I'm not being self-defeating.
I'm just saying, like, it was good that we didn't spend 48 minutes
at a steel door.
I think it's good to go through cracks.
Him and Bob are dressed the same.
Yeah.
Yeah, they're very cute.
Yeah, they're so cute.
They were like you and Jeff.
Yeah.
Good suits.
I opened up the ornate trunk.
The ornate trunk.
Yeah, the golden leafed one, if I'm not mistaken.
Correct.
Of course.
What you see inside dazzles with a gleaning blue light.
It's curious service betrays its true nature.
It's one of the fragments of power.
But what it's doing on this plane, you have no idea.
What it's doing is what?
On this plane, you have no idea.
So how many fragments do we have now?
You don't know.
Oh, no.
Okay.
So you had the one initially, the one from Dark Star in this one.
And your dad's last time we met, it was still in his colon.
Correct.
So you know of four, and you have three of them.
And there might be more.
Okay.
There's more, you guys.
All right.
Sharpie, you take that.
You're the magic man.
I'll take the fragment.
You feel it pulse and shiver in your grasp.
And then it stops.
All right.
Okay.
Can that fragment glowing blue light?
Will that shed any more light for us in this new chamber?
Try it.
It stopped.
Oh, yeah.
Yeah.
It did stop.
All right.
Shit.
Okay.
I have serpent light.
What the...
Yeah.
So the serpent light, you put it up like, here's the hole, right?
You put it.
This is great for the podcast.
And the light doesn't shine through it.
Right.
Like it's like a magical darkness.
Yeah.
So it can't be penetrated.
But it's big enough for people to go through?
I mean, I know.
You have to like, you can hoist yourself through it.
All right.
I say Sharpie, hold my hand and I'm going to poke through it.
If I yell anything, you pull me back out.
All right.
I'll hold his little hand.
Okay.
While he pokes through.
Yeah.
And I, as I leave, I go, wish me luck, buddy.
I know.
I'm pretending you said I love you.
Yeah.
Are you doing Empire Strikes?
Or return of the Jedi?
Empire Strikes.
Community too.
All right.
So then I call him a Scruffy looking nerf herder and then I go into the thing.
Going into the thing, you feel a dark chill come over your body.
As your torso goes through the portal, you can tell that you're in another dimension.
Oh.
Okay.
Hey.
Oh.
hand is in the the way I yeah yeah the way I figured it you're more like halfway
throughout at this point I guess you could be all the way throughout okay I
step tentatively all the way through out into the the gray floor the ground is
firm beneath your feet all right I keep moving as long as I feel his hand I
reach out for Chris de Burgh's hand and I hand him my goggles I offer the goggles
back give me your hand okay I take his hand no one's reaching for my hands so
I stick them out out of an insecurity neediness I pretend that I'm sick and
weak so people grab my hands Krista Burke grab thank you all right so like a
field trip leader I if I pull them all in like we're going through like a like
we're all at Disneyland or something like that show with the magic school bus
just like that magic school bus yeah that was a great show and show with the
magic school bus so we all walk into the into the nude dimension slipping
through the dark portal you find yourself in a bank of dark misty haze the
inky black fog obscures your vision and you can't make out your surroundings
you can't even see the rift you came through then an indistinct hazy gray
disc floats lazily upwards and past the horizon and for a time you're bathed in
a slightly less form of dire darkness the closest you could consider light this
grayish light casts a pitch black shadow onto the floor and you can see your
shadow dancing and twitching madly as the grayish light flickers suddenly the
shadows on the floor peel off their points of connection with your feet and
begin to come away from your body oh shadows as your shadows detach you feel
violently ill for an intense few seconds before you even out you feel like
you've been seriously assaulted and weakened from losing your shadow jody
fostered to mention you can just make out your shadows slip away into the dark
landscape before the hazy disc falls into the horizon it's like diminishing to
nothing they stole our shadows their shadows maybe our shadows just left
peter pants fell well when do we when do I mourn cocoa you in the front row on
the boat that you said something you knew what this was thank you that's what
I was thinking about he said cocoa is in the other dimension my horse my beloved
horse and just lover is in the other side you should care too I do I do care
I just said we had a really special time together I mean what the last time
that I fucked your horse a couple times I think right and it yes and it was
consensual it's consensual yeah that's okay yeah and all he got all the time
I was a t-shirt so yeah okay can we summon the horse through this different
dimension Spencer as it happens you can't at the moment hold on so so shadows
leaving your bodies has actually caused some ability damage towards you so I
can update your sheet later but basically your bigger fish you guys yeah
the horse horse loss sure this is shadow loss Sharpey loses force strength and to
constitution quark loses to constitution and for strength no no to
strengthen for constitution Mulraine loses to strengthen three constitution and
Chris de Burghh loses one strength and four constitutions she's a vastly weakened
it's just about pooping what is constitutional constitution is your
ability to shrug off physical damage or resist your shape being shifted for
instance or you know if you've been poisoned that's constitution based
health yeah health like you're you're healthiness now what is dancing lights
do dancing lights conjures a small illusion so like yeah well like you
know like those I don't know like it's like to dazzle enemies till I kind of
like it's more like you can play it'd be weird it's like I you know the
tinkerbell like being a floaty light yeah shows up it looks kind of like that
except there's more of them and it's a bullshit it's bullshit it's it's it's
minor illusory magic it can make like little things it would dazzle like kind
of dumb people or like people that weren't aware of magic and stuff but like
people who are like up in magic they're like hey I can I have a silent image so
fuck off it's horse shit alright bullshit is there still that that's that
pitch black shadow in the middle of the room or was there some big thing that
was a disc in the middle of the room shadows have detached and we have
stomach eggs yeah so and in yeah now you're outside you can tell like you're
outside we're out should I mention that I'm sorry so that that disc that rose is
that kind of like a nighttime suns like like bizarre oh I was what I was going
for yeah yeah what do you mean what the disc that rose it's casting some tiny
bit of light is like a weird dark Sun oh it's not in the middle it's not it's not
it's actually like a giant dinner plate my narration was it rose up off of the
horizon in the sky okay so it was a light and then it left I put on my fancy
goggles and then tell everybody in a narration voice what I see you see the
ground around you is rather unadorned but to the what I'm gonna call north for
sake of maps you see a stand of black columns they poke stiffly out of the
ground you also hear a far-off sound I can't make the sound of my mouth can you
can we send off your bird can you send up a venture
Avenger is Avenger there yeah he's here Avenger how did you handle having your
shadow detached Avenger's shadow wasn't attached oh he's immune to shadow
detachment humblebrag Avenger fly up and give me a hawks eye view it's not
long before he returns he gives you a look that says the higher up I get the
less I can see the ground below but there's definitely a black shape
approaching us swiftly oh spaghetti oh a black shape approaching us soon it's
upon you now it's upon you all right what is my does my javelin have any
magic powers or anything was it just a straight-up javelin the javelin you
found yeah I mean yeah it has magic you don't know much about the magic it has
I said let's see what this baby can do and I take my javelin out and I toss it
toward in the direction of the dark figure all right man is that too prept
preptive but I don't know man well you miss okay girls I mean I'll tell you
one thing I think we attacked that dragon too soon a couple weeks ago
game comment yeah I don't know Monday morning quarterback but a dragon came
on said what muscles do I smell and then and then in his prison like he said it
was his prison we just wailed on it we never we never tried to talk to you were
locked in his prison if a dragon speaks English like just a conversation most
dragon speaking he's been acid at us instead no after that was after I don't
want a Monday morning quarterback but then can I use wild empathy on the
shadow yeah I do that it seems to have a very familiar soul oh sorry my bad
sorry everybody cool it everyone familiar soul it's a good thing you
rolled a three chair I try to take it doesn't even know you were just looks like
here tonight can I go run over and grab my javelin kind of because it's
surreptitiously and stick it back in my bag of holding everyone notices and
it's pretty embarrassing but yeah the shape approaches and stands next to
Mulrainee stays there hey guys why don't we show them what we're made of and do a
little do a little talent show what who's them who is that the dark shadow
came up to show him the shadow show the shadow who are made of interact with the
shadow talk to it or something hey you little shadow you oh I should have
mentioned it's cuz it showed up so fastly it's in the shape of a horse oh
hello I was killed I was killed your horse your horse that's the second time
her it does appear to be made of shadow the substance I a deer shadow I love
anything that's shaped like you were shaped so hey also I am with a party of
very good souls we have a gentleman who is searching for his father we have a
one-hit wonder who is looking to numb some dragon dicks and a we have a little
gentleman who loves some things is this cocoa or not do we know that I mean is
it cocoa it might be cocoa holy shit cocoa cocoa if it's you flare your tail
flare your tail if it's you cocoa but but I think about my dad I think a lot
about my dad like oh I'm looking for my dad I wish my dad was around
instead you fall back on your arcane training and recognize that you're on
the shadow plane the shadow plane is a copy plane of the material plane and
as such things have shadow versions of themselves shadow shadow cocoa yeah but
but does it correspond to the real cocoa yeah so so this is like we can't hold
her no you can shadows are I mean we'll try to let's just try to hold her how
about I try to hold her I could just explain what happens but that'd be just
me telling a shitty story I reach I reach up and I I look I look at quirk I
hold his hand because I know that he's also emotionally invested in cocoa and
I I throw my arm around Coco's neck we both look at each other because you know
she's my friend and he she's your lover and and we look at Coco's face it it
doesn't look back I mean but yeah so this is the shadow version of cocoa so
our shadows ran off so our shadow versions of ourselves have left us yeah
to go do who knows what we do we need to reunite with her with our shadows well
I mean if you don't mind minus two to strengthen minus four to constitution
you're probably fine but yeah I mean it was whatever okay to try to get try to
get on your horse see what happens I try to jump on my shadow horse leaping
astride your shadow horse it feels comfortable underneath you oh it doesn't
try to buck you off and instead regards you as a trusted friend or ally have
Coco lead us to the pillars Coco can you lead us to the pillars it doesn't make
any response but slowly it begins to trot forward well but is that their
response that her husband she trots forward I'm just spoilers shadow cocoa
can't communicate there I shouldn't have said it I said it I'm sorry D&D
aficionados we're gonna get through this the question no not this like the
question of whether or not she's communicable with because she's silent
right shadows are so you're only giving us the I mean this but you know you're
giving us the information that that it would have taken us 10 minutes to figure
out their trial and error yeah just whether or not the horse can understand
us I didn't want you to feel like like you were being like you know cold
treatment and by your horse it just doesn't talk and Robin Robin and Bob
can't really dodge the bullet tonight isn't it I was like what characters are
they gonna be oh man Robin Williams is the shadow horse are you kidding me
oh mr. happy oh my god my shadow horse is George Plimpton Bill Plimpton I'm
gonna follow that horse all right so we we took me follow Coco often in the
direction of the five dark pillars there's more than five but yeah oh okay
well we just we go that way how far off are they there I'd say to take you a
good 30 minutes should we come brought in should we call that an act break yeah
we started earlier just okay than typical all right well okay let's uh let's
uh I uh we were there whoo I plant a giant blue flag that I sew out of my
own sadness and I draw a picture of myself and I look at it and that's like a
bookmark for where we were before you leave right oh yeah yeah yeah okay I
hurt Sharpie and I ask if he's okay oh you're being trotted away on a horse oh
well never mind I don't do that you could take it around like control it okay I
take my horse around I circle around like a like a night and I and I go up to
Sharpie and I say huh are you okay yeah I'm alright you know what thank you I'm
gonna try something I start digging into the dirt with my hand okay I dig down
like 12 inches like a full foot that's gonna take you a while but yeah well
I wait well you dig what you dig my dick you don't wait well I did yeah I as a
player wait for the character to dig digging complete I spit into it that
happens I drop my wine skin into it okay into the hole I bury it okay I pee on
the spot where I buried my wine skin yes I'm still sitting on my horse and I do a
like cool cool cool I'm just like slowly trotted away you just more vodka all
over your character your character I ask I ask a court I say listen I have a
theory about the shadow plane can you dig up my wine skin me yeah is the one
you pee done I have a theory okay I take I take out of my sorrows and so don't get
my hands dirty and I dig up the pee-pee you can't do it with your sword oh okay
well I have to dig through your pee it's a do you want the theory to be tested
or not okay I pretty certain that I've been I'm falling for something on an
April Fool's Day D&D I start digging through the pee-pee soil and and then I
unearth the wine skin your hands are filthy the wine skin comes out it looks
noticeably aged but otherwise unharmed aged from when it we buried it yeah like
we get aged extra see if you take a lot of things and put them in dirt and
pee to look older it's called distressing like a cabinet I don't know
I was gonna do April Fool's and then you ruined it I wanted to end the game and
a laugh just say April Fool's and then you go I got a feeling this is April
Fool's I dig through the pee yeah and then he's like whoa that's got a magic
hummingbird on it now I don't know what the fuck to do I was gonna make it a
genie if you're gonna do April Fool's joke on April Fool's don't make it that
lame I'm not good at that stuff I don't do normally I don't do that stuff I pee
on everybody here I pee on everybody I start peeing on everybody April Fool's
trick but I tell him I tell him it's gold I go I'm gonna put gold on you with
my wiener and then I start peeing they're not convinced it's gold it's gold
you guys I use dodge I use my ability to dodge it's gold coming out of my wiener
April Fool's end of segment all right thank you air McGathey thank you rape
through it everybody good luck a Coachella buddy good luck a Coachella
the hell is Coachella Jeff I don't know it's a thing where people it's like it's
like a Lollapalooza but for not for 40 year olds you dress up weird and you
and you drive around in a big thing that you made and that's everything name one
thing where it's not a you know you drive around in a weird thing all right how
do we end the show oh yeah oh the movie okay thank you sir thank you
what are the parameters now for you want the audience here to all we're all
gonna watch it they're all gonna come back and then we're all gonna just it's
just something to discuss it I think it's just interesting it's like the Oprah's
book club it's like it's interesting if you know it's like usually go like I was
watching you know what I watched the other day is Robocop 3 and then there's
like 20 people like oh I saw that last week or and then two more people saw it
six months ago and then some people have never seen it right like for aficionados
I mean these guys show up on Monday nights pretty regularly I think if we
said hey let's all make time this week to watch blah blah blah we would increase
the odds so like there would be a more connection we would be able to discuss
something I don't know it's just a thought well there's a thought it's not a
good thought it's not you know God when God was creating the universe he he he
just made it up he didn't he didn't like he just he just thought stuff like he
didn't he didn't think of stuff that he knew would work is that right yeah how
do you know that well because obviously it was the first time he did it otherwise
it wasn't there was no how do you know that well because he did it the other
wise it's dumb like why would we even write a Bible about it if he didn't
look it's got to be special right he made he there was nothing there was
nothing it says it specifically says there was nothing and then it says that
he started making shit up yes kind of like your pee on the wine skin thing
you know it's like it wasn't Eve just like mud and and and spit and ribs and
stuff like that do you believe in God Jeff do you think that there's an
intelligence to the to the cosmos I think there is but in a way that we aren't
weird that we'd be totally incapable of totally understanding yeah I think
there's a system of some kind if those field line if we if God were simple
enough to understand we'd be too simple to understand even if that system is
simply just like I kind of like it's just kind of a throbbing like like jellyfish
yeah but it is the cool thing it scientists are out there working and
you know looking smaller and smaller and smaller and building these giant things
in Vienna or wherever the fucking smashing particles together to figure out
what the fucking point of it all is like why why is there mass why is there
matter that is nice of them to do that yeah well I played BioShock Infinite
I did buy I bought that today I had had my assistant go out and get it I'm
distressed about one thing our web guy shrews I think I heard third hand that
he finished it in 25 hours but I think I also Adam why do you applaud things at
random you're not even supposed to be here by your own report yeah you're like
like every every week Adam's like oh I'm sorry I'm going off to Afghanistan guess
you'll have to be my friend tonight he never know and then next week there he
is biostat guy yay shrews what the fuck are you all right all right I like them
to shut up but anyways whatever who cares I just you know skyrim it's like
hundreds and hundreds of hours if you want but I think maybe shrews is like a
crazy computer head and he I bet I bet you can barrel through the age story of
a good game in 25 hours I don't know I'm playing a little game on my iPhone
pocket planes I'm playing Candy Crush pretty good how many hours a lot but
they make you do this thing you're a little girl and you're going around
Candy Land and you're and you're blowing up little jelly isn't making little
little candies explode and then there's chocolate tries to eat your candies and
there's little mr. like woolly wonka kind of character leading you through it
and then if you get past a certain level you either have to pay money to go
forward or invite friends on Facebook which I don't use so I went on Facebook
and tried drunk at Easter yesterday to get free lives out of people that don't
go on Facebook I'll ask Tammy two-tone that I've never fucking met and turns
out not only did I ask everybody I know to fucking give that I tell them that
Jeff Davis now plays Candy Crush but every time I pass a level it's just
flooding people's impartial just level 40 candy can just slid down the candy
shoot Jeff beat the peppermint puppy and now people like hey Jeff I sounds like
you're really kicking ass on Candy Crush so that I got up I saw that text and
ran into my computer just like undo remove remove that's amazing so not
paying these fuckers that's what they want they're playing on my ego it's like
are you are you a total douchebag and you're willing to tell everybody that
you you play Candy Crush are you gonna pay 99 cents I've said before all my
favorite games on the iPad and iPhone they're always so-called time management
games which are all like very specifically like clearly like driven
what do you call it targeting a female audience and I am not sexist by saying
that because the names of the games that I love are like Susie's sauna Fiona's
flowers and Maggie's magic shop but it's like always like like this cute
little girl with like a different kind of hat on and it's like she got a new
job at a pizza place and like help her help her make her pizza place and you
you point and she goes over there and it's like gobble gobble gobble this
guy needs a pizza and it's like oh you make the pepperoni over here and they
slowly it's like you gotta you gotta figure out you know how to help her
she's gonna bust the tables and if she if you know if you just if you just have
her be disorganized it's weird because what do you think they're playing to
in the female mind there well I don't know about the female mind because
obviously I'm I'm I'm there they've got me hooked I don't I don't I don't know
why if they don't neutralize the gender thing I think that's really weird
because I'm I'm this big fat hairy Ron Jeremy looking guy sitting in bed playing
this thing I don't know the fact that they call it Susie's you know sunflower
patch like like like I feel like they're cutting themselves off at the or I
don't know I don't know why they think that that's a woman thing I think I've
made a mistake by removing Facebook I forgot that I have this podcast as a
platform I could just say to people give me lives on Facebook you can send me
you can send me candy lines everybody everybody said Jeff even even even if
just spiritually just send Jeff a candy life tonight just just just close your
eyes and even if you're not playing candy candy jam what's it called yeah
candy crush just send send Jeff a candy anybody else no one else candy crush
yeah yeah couple dudes all right okay all right maybe maybe there's some kind
of weird maybe maybe they know exactly what they're doing maybe maybe 60% of
their customers are men probably I who know we're like we feel actually more
beckon to that if we they called it bro down you know then we would go no forget
it actually kind of like I they got again I go I look at a game and I say
like Susie's Susie's Island tropical flower patch and I and I go like I bet
that's one of those games I like that's good it's got all the earmarks like it's
gonna like a little girl little haircut and she's got things to do and you got
to help her when you lose around there's a little girl just like crying it's
like yeah help her get your hand she's gonna she's get an island to plant
what's the movie movie anybody other roadhouse roadhouse roadhouse is a
fucking goodie I like that good movie I like that that's right what's up face off
I saw it just recently and I don't want to turn this into my personal jukebox I
just I've actually never seen Roadhouse I guess that's one thing I like about it
I think I don't know if it's true but I think more people get de-fenestrated
I get thrown out of a window in that movie than any other movie I like I'm
gonna go let's go with Roadhouse so that people aren't yelling out like let's all
watch Roadhouse I mean I'm sure most of you've seen it I've never seen it let's
watch Roadhouse and if you want to come dressed up as Sam Elliott or some
character from maybe we can do a little line readings a little we'll do a
little vignette from it or something like that so between now and then listen
to Roadhouse watch Roadhouse maybe you can write alternate scenes or if you
have if you have quite you know sometimes like you like your law and
order it's like a written ending let's find out what happens when we just
watch the movie and then we'll then then next week we'll look at like okay now
that we did that maybe we'll add little activities remember there was this thing
when I was a kid was it Bill Cosby had this magic pen what the fuck was that
picture pages picture pages there was it was weird you could it was a lot of
interactivity to it it was pre-internet but it was like it was very addictive like
you could get the thing and then he was like doing it with you it was it was so
it was it was good shit Bill Cosby if you're listening why'd you stop what it
would be better work come along you fucked the people over Bill Cosby he's
still gigs all the time doesn't he yeah but I bet I bet it buddy I bet he
doesn't know why his life's empty everybody comes backstage when it goes
like what did I where did I go wrong picture pages it's just stuck with it
that's his that's his rosebud do you think you're gonna retire like you just
stop writing one day yes really yeah soon as possible you know I hate writing
yeah I hate it no good can come of it no good can come of me writing like me
feel I hate it but you like you like having written something you love when
it's done they like having written something yes yes yes I you know in
order to have written something you have to write it thank you Lou Ferrigno
Lou Ferrigno why are you here I'm just trying to tell you also he came up to
no applause I'm not painted green I you see him at like wonder con and stuff like
that he'll just be sitting yeah and there's no line I don't I mean I you
make me feel like I'm sticking like a knife in or anything like that like I
think it's a my group on Lou Ferrigno I'm just painting a picture I saw the
commercial audition years ago and it kind of bumped me out and I asked the
casting after Mike Lou Ferrignos out there what are you doing as I was like
well we're casting vampire diaries it was from commercial it was like for
Toyota or something like that and it wasn't for a giant Hulk of a guy it was
like like it was just a guy and he was there sitting on the bench like
everybody else and I asked somebody like why why why would he do that like they
go insurance you get a gig once a year you pay for your insurance you probably
got money but you want you want that insurance so once in a while you come
out of your hole and you do it you do a Toyota commercial you pay for your
insurance right but he he didn't get it right no yeah and he's not gonna like
like before before insurance or just a page yeah I noticed something about there
and go fishing you gotta you gotta play ball and try to get a commercial it was
it was depressing do you do you know that our friend Sam Simon did you
heard that he might I don't know we talk about that here yeah well I well they're
talking about a Howard Stern that's the other reason he's very sick yeah yeah I
haven't I don't know I feel like the world's falling apart all right I'm
gonna I like committing to the dark crevice there you see a crack you go
through the crack is there another crack the show started off on such a summit I
don't I don't think that that I think that the that's God suggesting just
fucking dive dive die like what are you supposed to do go for the oh yeah like
Robin Williams coming like like you know that energy he brings out he's just
going like hey sparky and then you just laugh because you feel like you you know
it's like holy shit Jesus Christ where could we go but they can do a deep dark
chasm what could be more valuable like they should we should actually go deeper
and darker than we've ever gone we know we've wrapped lots what we haven't we
well how how where is the level no wrap what's the core of the earth what's
below the the magma what's the what's the sub-aluminum what's what is what is
what is what's the wine scan when the pee shitting on yourself in the fetal
position just me actually doing that yeah yeah that's all there is left the
only thing that we haven't done yeah that's that's the darkest thing I don't
even know I don't know if that's true that's not I don't know the shitting so
we did a show Dan and Rob Straub and Chris Tomlin and I did an improv show
like four times we called the goofballs and there was no structure no
suggestions we just went on stage and did whatever and once you ended with you
naked yeah me seated next to you singing you a lullaby and you knows your nose
began to bleed like crazy yeah and I rubbed the blood all over my face the more you just
completely covered yourself a bright beautifully crimson gross like the color
of the lighting made it the reddest blood I've ever seen yeah and you were
there holding your your balls and your dick in one hand and smearing blood all
over your hairy chest and and the audience was like fucking like I want my
money back I came here to watch changing emotions I thought a guy was gonna
have another guy's arms I just sang you a little lullaby there was no jokes on it
and the lighting guy just God bless him just like fade the black and Rob and
Chris were in the back of Jack Black was on the audio like hey you should come
to our info show barely knew him Jack comes backstage everyone dance when he's
closed on it we're all looking I wouldn't have exactly I love this fucking
disorder of that and we're like was that good was that bad and Rob Rob is a
girlfriend he was trying to fuck in the audience and that was bad and Jack
Michael's back he was wow that was a fucking fiasco
yeah so there is a bottom below here you guys if you don't even know is there
it's okay let's say it's 950 is there is there anybody anybody anybody coming
in here with with pain or pleasure that makes them feel like somebody's hands
shut up do you want to come up okay all right a hand shot up you can just say
that someone's handle shoot up and we haven't been punished for it yet what's
your name I just wanted to come up cuz I wanted it I wasn't here last week I
was at my friend Luciana show it was really great but last week you had a
lady guest and Genevieve Pearson yeah and a couple weeks ago remember I came up
to you and I said it'd be really cool if you could have some female guests
sometime soon right and and I don't I don't know if you remember that happening
but I okay I don't do you came up to go did I do that no I'm sorry no but
that's great anyway yeah I was really I was really glad that you did that I was
very proud of you even if you maybe subconsciously you took yeah I'm sure
so everything I do is subconscious yes so there's there's a fun note for you to
end on I feel like you you crossed a threshold there and I'm proud of you oh
yeah well I mean what about what Aaron's always up here is always up here and
she's really cool I love you you're my favorite part of the show do you feel
like like women women women on stage women women performing what's up with
that no where's that going do you do you think that I'm trying to figure out how
to wait a way to phrase this without without loading it because it's easy to
be like like like politically correct and we can talk about how unfair the
performance world is to women but but and I'm not saying that it's not but I
want to figure out a way to actually intelligently like vivisect that and
look at the beating heart of whatever is happening it we Aaron and I were
talking about this women like without even knowing that we're doing it like
women unlike men who just I think at the root of it I'm gonna talk try to talk
this through and I'm gonna sound like a fucking crazy person men are just like
these like doesn't matter if we're handsome doesn't matter if we're if we're
ugly doesn't matter what we are doesn't matter what role we occupy doesn't
matter if we have a bad back doesn't matter if one of our legs doesn't work
doesn't matter what like we like our role in the world is to kind of want and
unlike shoot out torpedoes and kind of like try and either fail or succeed and
I think that like women on stage like when women when women are performing in
anything no matter how enlightened the venue no matter what the case like we
Aaron and I were trying to get to the bottom of this it's like there's a
fucking tightrope you have to walk as a woman because the most progressive PC
like super modern metrosexual futuristic Blade Runner thinker is still
before he's even thinking of it he's he's thinking of a woman as a woman and
and kind of like there's it's like like the way Aaron put it was something like
if you're if you're this they're disappointed in you if you're that
they're disappointed in you it's like like you it's the only way to describe
it as a tightrope it's just I don't know what it's a tightrope between really but
it's like you're doing some kind of balancing act all the time I feel like
you you addressed that with with Genevieve last week when you were talking
about her reception on the reality show she was on about something Kevin Smith
said to her about oh you're a girl and you like comic books I mean that was
insane to me that was that was I mean like I'm really like I don't want to
like like give myself something to Alan Aldo like metal like I my thing is
always like I I just the same way with alcoholism or racism I want to cut
everyone off at the pass I go fuck no I'm a misogynist I'm a sexist here's why
because I don't want to have that conversation where it's like are you or
aren't you all this bullshit and I think the thing that gets me in the most
trouble is that I fit like like why am I talking about myself with this because I
don't want to sound like I'm on a soapbox I don't want to like like like rush
to judge but I thought in that moment that was a very odd thing that happened
where she actually got the better of this guy in this debate and that and that
in the edited context of this thing the first thing he said was gotta give
props to a chick who who who can correct a dude on Frank Miller it's like holy
shit where nerds were down at the bottom of this valley and there's still
down here where golem lives there's male golems are still going like props to
that pussy man that pussy was good you know like no one would which fish to eat
raw like it was like like what we're all golem down here it the whole point was
that that was really really weird to me I'm gonna edit this all out because I
sound like a fucking douchebag and some weird I wasn't fishing for that either
everyone shut up yeah I I I patificate all the time about race and it's much
easier to obsess about race than it is about gender for me anyway I think
because of the relationship with I have with my mom which I like like because
women are like like like sometimes you want to have sex with them sometimes
you don't in between there's eight million fifty things that there are women
that you like like like it you can objectify them without knowing that
you're objectifying them and then even if you get through that hurdle then
everyone else is weird objectifications of women come into play so if you were a
guy and you respected a woman that you worked with and you're like oh she's
really funny I really like her I wanted her to be my friend it's like then on
the other side of that there's all this like it's crazy is there is that a
problem that we solve or do we accept that that's the case I think it's
something that we always keep in mind and strive to understand and hopefully
change sometime well I think you're on your period otherwise you wouldn't say
that am I right fellas get her out of here let's open the dick shoot
it's not gonna watch Roadhouse there's a dick shoot yeah I don't know yeah I
don't know where I got it's a weird epiphany to have at 40 where it's
like I'm not gonna be able to do anything about it anyway that's not true
because you had a lady on the show and you talked about how as a lady nerd she
got talked down to you by Kevin Smith who I would love to be able to like
admire and respect as an artist but then he says shit like that I mean off the
cuff don't he doesn't know he's saying I mean that's the that's the that's the
that's the yeah I don't know it's I'm just offended by that shirt he always
wears I'm sure he sells those like those are custom-designed
he that's tearing down the wall let's bring him out
I mean he should come up like like if he did come out we'd be like hey well bro
down with the showdown like whatever like like we're not gonna be like oh we
brought you out here to take you to task let's not bring him out how about that
let's not I even feel like that would be a conversation he'd be willing to have
about about like oh yeah so I didn't really that the he'd like he'd continue
this conversation with us rather than just try to defend himself I don't even
know speaking as someone who's been on Twitter and had people like tweeted me
going like no point of honor episode 3 season 2 and so and so made this joke
it's like you can't help but like like the definition of your humanity like
like you have a certain amount of like servo mounted guns out there otherwise
who are you right if everything that comes your way is like oh yeah let's see
your side of it immediately like you can't help but go like okay first of all
why is this person full of shit I just I mean I'm just speaking to that
hypothetically like let's have Kevin Smith on and talk about gender and about
that one comment he made on that reality show not suggesting that like that's
something you should actually do and what I was saying was that I know he's not
that guy all the time and like at his core I know he's not a misogynist I would
I would go so far as to say I don't think anyone is that guy I think that we
get I think that any of us it from any perspective at any given time we get
accidentally like if you could actually sit anybody down and like walk through
everything if we had that chance to do that with Hitler before he got turned
loose like okay where are you going dressed like that I'm gonna go do some
stuff okay what what do you mean I'm gonna kill six million Jews are right
because you don't want to give a throne so what the fuck Hitler get over here
sit down why are you gonna kill six million Jews you know why no I don't
like talk for 45 minutes and not from a balcony talk to me I'm your dad this is
fucking you don't care about my art you don't care fucking like I said like
one of my mustache was just in the middle and you're like fuck you like so
maybe fuck you fuck everybody okay you can have a little mustache slightly
lost the thread of this yeah you may be right I don't know that's all I had to
say I wanted to say I'm glad that you had a lady on the show and that made me
happy oh she was swell you know and it was that was Aaron Aaron found that
show and Aaron Aaron identified with Genevieve and then Aaron tweeted Genevieve
I mean that was all Aaron and and Aaron comes up here and takes it takes a
punch to the ovaries every week and walks that tightrope for her you go good
for you coming up here with these with these men and she has her own podcast
called this feels terrible where she talks about relationships and I live
with her so I know that she'll get it like she'll get an email from somebody
going like regarding your interview with so-and-so it's like well I think you did
a huge disservice to blah blah blah when you said blah blah blah and she'll
get all wound up about it the same way I would like like and it's like you don't
look like half the people are calling you liberated for saying something and
then the other half of the people are going like you you just fucking Uncle
Tom doll women it's it's it's pretty complicated and thank God thank God for
my little wiener love it well thanks for letting me come up and say hi to Dora
everybody thank you all right well what do you think then what a show Jeff we
did it man that was through everything I I didn't even know Robin was gonna be
here tonight that was awesome yeah it was interesting because I was a little
tinged in the back of my head I'm like come on how many times have I made fun
of that guy huh like you know he's a he's a mainstream success and I was like
like yeah it's kind of like he's such a lovely guy I got to have dinner with him
and he was just so delightful and he leaves he looks great and he's just so
funny like he not like in a in a gross like shut up like you're like you need
to stop doing bits right now like it was just really I mean it's part of who he
is everything it's a fit everything is a joke like he's actually really good at
it and it's actually for for the benefit of the people around him and his book
is coming out it's called fuck it all right oh yeah everybody watch Roadhouse
and and we'll meet next week and all right Jeff what do we do I'm not doing
shit to end the show I'm letting you fucking suffer out there okay of course
April Fools you want to do some enigma you want to you want to maybe like get
to the bottom of it kind of a cosmic you know like in a cosmic sense right hook
up the fare of the enigma bring the lights down
everyone close your eyes thank you for being part of this planet now release
you're floating devotion forgiveness
emotion you will no longer crave cigarettes with someone asks you if you
need more bread you'll say no you're gonna write in that dream journal no
fuck that that's this that's the stratosphere now you're moving further
out from earth watch that planet go away fuck that planet fuck that little
blue green piece of shit look at that little fucker it's it's getting smaller
it's the size of a marble now it's a little piece of shit all the little
people on there all the little problems their little pieces of shit little
assholes little fuck faces little cock fuckers little fuck fucks little pieces
shit oh shit fuck god damn it we hit Saturn everybody stay cool nobody leave
the cabin I'm gonna go out look hold on everybody there's bags in the upper
everyone reach up there's bags breathe through the bags I'll be right back my
name's Kyle Johnson I'm your pilot I'll be right back three hours later it's
me come on man open the door it's me Kyle Johnson I swear to God it's me
what the fuck are you doing what are you doing hey it's me Dan Harmon I never
left the cabin he said don't open the door I say we don't open it I don't know
man I think it's a test I'm Leroy Smith I'm a Native American and I didn't come
up here in space to be fucked around by a bunch of honkies suck up hey man sit
the fuck down okay this guy is the pilot he said I'm gonna do something I
should have done a long time ago Leroy I'm gonna open up this door sucker oh god
damn it thank you thank you oh Jesus Christ is crazy out there there's a
bunch of octopus monsters yeah yeah what did they do they did this you're all
dead you all fail no no don't applaud your spirits are leaving Saturn now you
see Pluto is it a planet you can't remember it was in 1995 now it's a nice
cloud I love it when playing comes together let's take Robin Williams and Bobcat
Goldthread again of course Erin McGathy Spencer Crittenden Fondora were
coming up I'm Jeff Davis one more time Dan Harmon everybody we love you
deeply and dearly all right watch Roadhouse and take notes and we'll see
you see you next week